# Introduction to Blazor
# Die Roller Razor Page

Create a new Blazor app and add a new razor page called `DieRoller.razor` and implement the requirements. This page will ask a user to enter a positive integer into a text field. That number will simulate an 'n'-sided die ('n' being the number they enter). There must be error handling involved when the user enters an invalid value.

## Code Behavior

1. Add the following properties in the code section of the razor page:
    - `ShowError`
        - bool
        - initialized to `false`
        - it is a flag to determine whether to show the error
    - `ErrorMessage`
        - string
        - initialized to an empty string
        - The specific error message to show
    - `UserInput`
        - string
        - initialized to an empty string
        - whatever the user's input into the text field is
    - `DieRoll`
        - int
        - initialized to 0
        - the die roll generated by the user
2. Add the following methods:
    - `RollDie()`
        - void
        - will generate a random integer based on the user's input. The result must include the user's choice.
        - if the text the user entered is not an integer, show the error message "That is not a valid integer"
        - if the integer is less that 4, show the message "That number is too small."

## UI Behavior

1. Navigation: the user must be able to navigate to the Die Roller page using the Nav-Menu.
2. Observe the screen shot `starter.png` to see the initial landing.
3. The text input must be bound to the `UserInput` property.
4. The button must execute the `RollDie()` method when it is clicked.
5. The error messages must appear when the user enters an invalid value. Error messages must be the color "red". Use the inline css `style="color: red;"` for this.
6. Existing error messages must __clear__ when the user enters a valid value.
7. If the user enters a valid value, the text "You rolled: " plus the user's die roll must be displayed. The message must be the color "darkgreen". Use the inline css `style="color: darkgreen;"` for this.
8. If the user enters an invalid value again after a __successful__ roll, the "You rolled: " part must be __cleared__ and replaced with the appropriate error message.
